she was on the sidewalk when you need to unite everyone and when
exist with it you can start to mount a marquee bin will make a
table as you get to set up something new
you start
with one dead
it's actually a call back around the river
after you make a turn of the river the function of it is not
really tighten
this this junction
it's just start
the brand
you start to pass the rope always in the same direction always in the same direction
taking care not to twist the rope because it will disturb you
but forwards what you have pair and killing your mark
so after you pass a lot in the same direction
different from that observed in the same
here is not the case
I'm going
always out
your start to pass
agreed on
otherwise i passed
in the vertical now I will start to pass in the poule in the place I went vertical
for the course to pass horizontally
according to the position here when making samarco now you go
also pass quite often
in the same direction
some people
already did this procedure
make the same stop
date / broken is not the actual procedure
the bar now a reality
it was not meant for the arts not to do so if they were static in the
truth for the poem not to run for the other
so after you
passed on
several times in the same direction you can in sawing your brand with which
again you can use
I sleep right
to complete the bar
or you can also buy
here a made right or you can end your brand
with another type of new for example you can make the return of the faithful
it will also look good printed will stay safe can not stain your
August mark